TA Assignment Report
==============================

Courses and Assigned TAs:
Course CNT 4403 has the following TAs: Mila Ramirez, Layla Murphy
Course COP 4703 has the following TAs: James Wilson
Course CNT 4104 has the following TAs: Emily Davis
Course CIS 3213 has the following TAs: Sophia Brown
Course CIS 4219 has the following TAs: Emma Thompson
Course CIS 4200 has the following TAs: Mia Kim
Course ISM 4323 has the following TAs: Olivia Garcia
Course COP 4538 has the following TAs: Joseph Hernandez, Nora Scott
Course CIS 4622 has the following TAs: Ethan White

Unassigned Students:
John Smith is not assigned to any course.
Michael Johnson is not assigned to any course.
William Martinez is not assigned to any course.
Isabella Hernandez is not assigned to any course.
Alexander Lee is not assigned to any course.
Noah Moore is not assigned to any course.
Ava Lewis is not assigned to any course.
Liam Anderson is not assigned to any course.
Jacob Hall is not assigned to any course.
Charlotte Young is not assigned to any course.
Benjamin Adams is not assigned to any course.
Abigail Allen is not assigned to any course.
Lucas Scott is not assigned to any course.
Ella Walker is not assigned to any course.
Henry Green is not assigned to any course.
Amelia Baker is not assigned to any course.
Daniel Wright is not assigned to any course.
Chloe Turner is not assigned to any course.
Samuel Rivera is not assigned to any course.
Sofia Torres is not assigned to any course.
Matthew Nelson is not assigned to any course.
Grace Carter is not assigned to any course.
David Perez is not assigned to any course.
Hannah Roberts is not assigned to any course.
Elijah Clark is not assigned to any course.
Zoe Mitchell is not assigned to any course.
Sebastian Rodriguez is not assigned to any course.
Natalie Ramirez is not assigned to any course.
Jackson Phillips is not assigned to any course.
Lily Campbell is not assigned to any course.
Logan Parker is not assigned to any course.
Victoria Evans is not assigned to any course.
Owen Edwards is not assigned to any course.
Aiden Flores is not assigned to any course.
Harper Sanders is not assigned to any course.
Gabriel Rivera is not assigned to any course.
Scarlett Brooks is not assigned to any course.
Mason Bennett is not assigned to any course.
Aria Hughes is not assigned to any course.
Carter Russell is not assigned to any course.
Riley Peterson is not assigned to any course.
Jayden Wood is not assigned to any course.
Penelope Price is not assigned to any course.
Leo Bennett is not assigned to any course.
Eleanor Jenkins is not assigned to any course.
Grayson Bell is not assigned to any course.
Leah Torres is not assigned to any course.
Jack Collins is not assigned to any course.
Violet Rivera is not assigned to any course.
Isaac Foster is not assigned to any course.
Stella Howard is not assigned to any course.
Dylan Morgan is not assigned to any course.
Aurora Reed is not assigned to any course.
Wyatt Ortiz is not assigned to any course.
Lillian Perry is not assigned to any course.
Caleb Ross is not assigned to any course.
Addison Cook is not assigned to any course.
Nathan Bailey is not assigned to any course.
Ellie Bryant is not assigned to any course.
Luke Jenkins is not assigned to any course.
Hunter Carter is not assigned to any course.
Hazel Adams is not assigned to any course.
Julian Nelson is not assigned to any course.
Samantha Bennett is not assigned to any course.
Aaron Watson is not assigned to any course.
Skylar Cox is not assigned to any course.
Isaiah Jenkins is not assigned to any course.
Aubrey Howard is not assigned to any course.
Thomas Price is not assigned to any course.
Madison King is not assigned to any course.
Andrew Hall is not assigned to any course.
Lucy Barnes is not assigned to any course.
Eli Mitchell is not assigned to any course.
Savannah Murphy is not assigned to any course.
Christian Bell is not assigned to any course.
Zoe Ward is not assigned to any course.
Anthony Gray is not assigned to any course.
Evelyn Hughes is not assigned to any course.
Jonathan Rivera is not assigned to any course.
Adam Flores is not assigned to any course.
Luna Flores is not assigned to any course.
Isaac Sanders is not assigned to any course.
Avery Long is not assigned to any course.
Nathaniel Ortiz is not assigned to any course.
Camila Foster is not assigned to any course.
David Murphy is not assigned to any course.
Claire Moore is not assigned to any course.
Paisley Simmons is not assigned to any course.
Charles White is not assigned to any course.
